[Swift/Macros] Adding Swift Macro project (#6)
apple/swift-cmake-examples: 4_swift_macros/readme.md

## Requirements
 - Swift 5.9 (5.9.0+ macOS, 5.9.1 Windows and Linux)

## Build Instructions

```sh
>  mkdir build && cd build
>  cmake -G 'Ninja' ../
>  ninja
>  ./HelloMacros
(4, "1 + 3")
```

## Description

Macros must build for the local machine doing the building, not the machine
you're building for because the compiler executes them. It's important to
consider the macro as a separate project from the main part of the codebase if
there is any chance you will want to cross-compile the project.

We can manually invoke CMake twice, once to build the macro, then again to build
the actual project for whatever platform we're building for, but that isn't very
convenient. Instead, we use `ExternalProject_Add` to include the macro project
which invokes compile

```cmake
ExternalProject_Add(StringifyMacro
  SOURCE_DIR "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/StringifyMacro"
  INSTALL_COMMAND "")
ExternalProject_Get_Property(StringifyMacro BINARY_DIR)
string(StringifyMacroPath "${BINARY_DIR}/StringifyMacro#StringifyMacro")
```

Technically, neither the compiler nor CMake know the triple for the build
machine. This is normal, but inconvenient. We are assuming that the Swift

> compiler is configured to compile for the local builder by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compiler is configured to compile for the build machine by default.
```
